Fixes #486 (#490)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Shared element data schemas/Schemas/IfcSharedBldgElements/Types/IfcFillElementTypeEnum/Documentation.md

> This enumeration defines the different types of elements an _IfcFillElement_ or _IfcFillElementType_ object can fulfill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enumeration defines the different types of elements an _IfcFillElement_ or _IfcFillElementType_ object can be defined as.
```
